So now we have the store object.
This is what actually all of
our data is going to be stored.
It's aptly named, I'll put it that way.
Okay, so
now I want you to make a folder inside
of source and
I want you to call it reducers.
Okay, instead of reducers,
I want you to make a file called index.js.
And I want you to import
something called combineReducers
from Redux and
then we're going to import location,
which is something we're about
to write from dot ./location.
Okay, and
then we're going to export default.
CombineReducers, which is
gonna be an object and
we will wanna put location, location.
So location is going to be like a sub
reducer that we're about to write.
And if you're familiar with JavaScript,
you know that if you have something,
the key and the value are called the same
thing, you can just do that, right?
So location, Those
two lines are equivalent,
right, line five and line six.
So because this is really nice to read,
we're just gonna do that.
So let's talk about what
combineReducers does.
combineReducers is a kind of just a little
helper function that Redux provides
for you.
Is like, all right, for all of my
various different pieces of state,
I'm gonna have one little tiny
reducer that handles it, right?
combinedReducers says, all right, what I'm
going to do with this location reducer is
I'm gonna have a key called location.
I'm going to call this micro
reducer that's going to just handle
the location one.
And then I'll make like
an overarching parent reducer for you.
You can write your own parent reducer,
it would just look something like this,
function reducer.
It would take an action and a state,
you don't have to follow along by the way.
And then it would just be
a giant switch statement.
Switch, right, and
you'd switch on (action, type).
And then you would say case,
location, or change location or
something like that, right?
And then you'd just write out
this giant switch statement.
Actually, if you remember
from the useReducer section,
we actually wrote one that
looks exactly like that.
So this reducer right here,
this is exactly what a parent
reducer would look like.
In this case, do this.
In this casem, do this.
And instead of saying return here,
what you would be doing is,
all right,
in case INCREMENT_R called the R reducer,
called the G reducer,
called the B reducer, right?
This gets really burdensome to write
over and over and over again and
kinda hard to read.
So combineReducer makes it really
easy to just say like, all right,
I have a location reducer that
only thinks about the location.
So set that to be the case for this one.
Up to you.
Actually, in previous versions of
this class, I actually taught it,
where we actually coded this out and
we did not use combineReducer.
But at the end of the day,
whenever I do write Redux, which honestly
is not frequently anymore, I always use
combineReducer cuz it's so helpful.
Okay, one more thing I wanted
to call out here, store.
I noticed insanely important reducer from
./reducers and not ./reducers/index.
This is just like a little
node trick that you can do.
If you say import something
from a directory and
you don't specify which file,
it'll automatically look for an index.js.
So in this particular case, I'm not
specifying to import from index.js, but
it is, because that's something
that no JS just does automatically.
Okay, so
let's go make the location reducer.
When we're at location.js,
this is going in the Reducers folder.
And here, we're going to make
a very small little reducer.
Export, default, function, location,
And you have to give it a default value.
So the way to do that in
JavaScript is to say a state.
If here's my default state,
which I'm gonna call "Seattle,
WA" for my default state for the location,
but you can put whatever you want.
And then the action,
you do not wanna default for the action.
And then you're gonna say switch
(action.type) in the case that you
were get issued a "CHANGE_LOCATION",
action type, then return action.payload,
otherwise, return the state.
A lot of reducers end up looking
pretty similar to something like this.
So let's talk about something
like how the reducer has to work.
Every reducer without exception
will take in the current state and
then we'll take an action,
that action must have a type.
The only thing that it
must have is a type.
Okay, so in this particular case,
the only action that this
reducer cares about is
a "CHANGE_LOCATION" action,
in which case, you just return
whatever that action payload is.
So this could come in with like
Salt Lake City, Utah, right?
And it will return Salt Lake City, Utah,
and that would be the new state, right?
We're not doing anything special here.
I don't know if it was important
that it was always to uppercase.
You could totally do
something like to upper case.
In which case, you could give this
any sort of action payload here and
it will always return to
something uppercase, right?
But any sort of modification you
need to do, you would do here.
Okay, if any other type of
action gets called with this,
then you just wanna say like,
don't change my location, right?
If this gets called with change animal,
that doesn't affect the location,
so it's just gonna do that.
So something key to note,
this reducer will get called with every
single action, whether or not,
this reducer cares about it.
This reducer will be called
with every single action,
which is why we have to have
this default case here.
So if I issue a change animal action,
this reducer is still going to run.
Which means if nothing changed,
then just return the state as it was.
If you return the same state, then you're
telling Redux nothing changed here,
therefore, do not update anything and
subscribe to my changes, right?
So for example,
if you have this SearchParams thing,
all it cares about is location.
And location doesn't update but
something else upstate.
Redux won't inform it as long as
location itself didn't change.
And we'll talk more about that
once we actually start plugging
everything together, Okay,
so that's a reducer,
yeah, just a couple of key
things to keep in mind here.
It has to return the state always.
It has to have a default state and
it has to accept actions.
Notice I called this action.payload,
that's not required.
Though, I'll say it's common.
Like whatever things that
you're updating with,
there's a thing called
a flux-standard-action,
flux-standard-action, I
think is what it's called.
It's a spec that someone wrote
that basically says like, hey,
there's a lot of Redux
like libraries out there.
Let's all make all of the action
shapes the same thing so
that if we have action type libraries,
they can interrupt with each other.
I'll say that I don't know of any
libraries that actually depend on this.
So the value prop is nebulous.
I just liked that someone else thought
about this and came up with a good idea so
I don't have to think about it.
But okay,
everything has a type that's 100% true.
They'll have a payload if they have
something to dispatch to that particular
reducer and then they also can have
an error, so, Must have a type,
can have an error, can have a payload,
and can have a meta property.
So meta can be stuff that's
like extra information.
Maybe it might be like telemetry.
It might be timing, it might be something
that doesn't have anything to do
with the payload, but it's just additional
meta information about the action.
Actually I'll say that I've used
error before, I've never used meta.
Okay, so that's why I'm calling
things the way that I'm calling them.
This is not required, it's just I
think it's a good idea maybe, okay?
So this is now a incredibly
testable reducer, right?
This has no side effects,
which reduces can't and they shouldn't, or
anything like that.
All it does is like,
given a state, given an action,
do I get the correct new state out of it?
So if I call this with Seattle or if I
call the state, the old state Seattle, and
I give it with an action.payload
of Salt Lake City, and
I call that ten trillion times.
On the ten trillion first time,
what is the new payload?
Salt Lake City, right,
cuz it's just overriding it, right?
So old state = Seattle.
And then action is type,
CHANGE_LOCATION, and payload.
Salt Lake City or
something like that, right?
The new state at the end of this
would end up being SLC, right?
This is extremely nice because
now I write one unit test and
I guarantee you this never drifts,
right, that I will not have bugs here.
This is why use Redux,
is this particular part is this,
this delta in old state and
new state and making that very testable.
That is why Redux is great.
Okay, I hope I've belabor
that point enough.
[LAUGH] So let's go make the rest of
the reducers that we need to make now.
We're gonna make another
one called theme.js and
you could probably just basically copy and
paste this one.
And the default is gonna be darkblue.
This is gonna be called theme,
and instead of change location,
it's gonna be CHANGE_THEME, and that's it.
There's probably some library that will
generate these really basic ones for you.
I don't know what it is though.
Okay, we're gonna do animal as well, oops.
Animal.js, this will be called animal.
The default animal is no animal, and
this only listens for animal changes.
Okay, one more.
We're gonna make breed.js.
This one actually has something more,
which makes it a little bit more exciting.
I guess it depends if you
get excited about Redux,
in which case I have questions.
Okay, this is gonna be breed,
the default breed is no breed.
This one listens for obviously change
breed themes, so CHANGE_BREED.
But this will actually listen for
one more action type.
And this will listen actually as well for
a case "CHANGE_ANIMAL" as well.
If you remember, we don't wanna
have poodle cats or cockatiel dogs.
So we'll say return empty string
in that particular case, right?
So if anyone changes the animal,
we wanna set breed to be empty string.
So this is why it's actually advantageous
that every reducer gets called with
every action, cuz now, multiple reducers
can concern themselves with one action.
Okay, now all we have to do is
go back to our index.js and
import all of these,
import breed from our /breed.
And we'll do animal from animal and
we'll do theme from theme.
And then again,
we'll do breed animal and theme.
Okay, and
now all of our reducers are setup.
>> So just to confirm, so
our combineReducers, that's just making
sure that these other individual reducers
we set up all run at the same time, right?
>> This combineReducer is generating
a function that basically does this.
And it's just like a much longer one
that we don't have to care about.
[COUGH] The other nicety that it does for
you is, notice here,
we're not listening for
the entire state object all at once.
It's actually giving you
just the state of animal.
That's the other nicety that it does.
Otherwise, instead of saying return state
here, you'd have to do like an object
of a sign to make sure that you're
modifying just that part of the state.
combineReducers takes care of a lot
of that just plumbing up for you.